Meeting Agenda

Date: 

Facilitator: Anton Freudenthaler

Participants: Anton Freudenthaler, Alex Tao, Axel Savén Östebo & Mattias Nilsen

1. Objectives (5 min) Resolve any issues preventing the team to 
  continue (this should be possible to verify at next meeting, 
  short clear description, use issues from project site). 

2. Reports (15 min) From previous meetings, (un)solved issues, 
We have finished our domain model and use case diagrams. We have completed 1.1 - 1.3 in the RAD. 

3. Discussion items (35 min) 

Presentation tomorrow what should we say and who should say what?

GUI Model: What should the general theme to our graphics be.
How should buffs and debuffs be displayed? How should the different cooldown be displayed?

Protoype: What should be done till next Thursday?


Assignments

RAD

 
4. Outcomes and assignments (5 min) 

Everyone should think about what to say on the presentation tomorrow and make sure that they don’t talk about something another person should talk about.

Till next time we should have started coding a bit.

5. Wrap up 

Next meeting will be Monday 31/03.

